XS✔ ◾ Added note about raising major bugs to the PO (#7989)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/escalate-key-updates/rule.md

:::  
:::

This email is especially important for stakeholders that don't use, want to use, or have access to the project management tools. If they do have access, remember to also [@mention them in the PBI update](/when-you-use-mentions-in-a-pbi/).

Sometimes the PBI work originated from an email, in which case you should reply to the email instead of starting a new email. This will allow stakeholders to have additional context.

::: info
**Notes:**

> * Major bugs found on the product should also be communicated to the PO as soon as they are found, e.g. broken links on the homepage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Major bugs found on the product should also be communicated to the PO as soon as they are found, e.g. unable to create an invoice
```

I think a broken link doesn't sounds like a major bug
